Removes dir parameters (#11232)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: CHANGELOG-4.0.md

## BC breaks

### Storage configuration
- Removes the "tmp_storage_dir" parameter. Please use "sys_get_temp_dir()" in your code instead.

> - Removes all the directories parameter. Please use the associated Flysystem filesystem in your code instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removes all the directories parameters. Please use the associated Flysystem filesystem in your code instead.
```

> - Removes all the directories parameter. Please use the associated Flysystem filesystem in your code instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removes all the directory parameters. Please use the associated Flysystem filesystem in your code instead.
```
